I mentioned Gwen Flint. Gwen was from the previous
year, and Gwen went on to law school, has done well,
raised a family, good attorney. Jeff Dunn then
followed Steve. Jeff was Jewish, and Jeff went to
law school, has done well, is an attorney up in the
Dallas area. Let's digress a second. Did you
encounter any incidents, particularly in those
years, but in general, that had to do with somebody
being Jewish or Catholic or nothing or whatever?
No, and the reason I slid into Jeff is I wanted to
capture one more and then relate to the previous
four. And Fred McClure was after Jeff Dunham. So we
went from a Jewish youngster to a black youngster.
And to tie that, Jeff and Steve were roommates in
Houston when Steve had the heart attack. And at the
funeral in New Braunfels, after Steve died, Jeff
helped the family set up services So we had a Jewish
kid, and Steve was in a church of Christ, and Fred
sang Amazing Grace at the funeral in the choir
loft.
And so I think it was typical of what A&M was all
about. A mixture of people, conservative values,
and good human beings. Do you agree with me? I've
always generalized that The major criteria in
here is, are you an Aggie or not? If you are, then
whether you're left-handed, tall, short,
Jewish, Irish, doesn't, that's coincidental.
One thing about Jeff, at my dinners I used to always
say a Catholic blessing, and so Jeff got all over
me, the Jewish dude. I said things that sort of
offended the Jewish people. And I said, Jeff,
that's fine. I said, when you pay for the dinner,
then you can start saying the Jewish blessing. But
I did amend the blessing to not offend. It was
something of which I was unaware. But they were all
good kids. In regard to the core,
we had some good kids that... We had Scott Everhart
that first year as Corps Commander
along with Randy. We had one young man who served as
Vice President for Student Government and Vice
President of the MSC. He's the only one that's ever
done that. He's an attorney now and I'm trying to
grab his name, David. His dad was an architect from
Fort Worth, a very prominent former student. He
died of a heart attack in Cali. I can't think of his
last name. Was Barbara Sears the first female
student body officer? Yeah. Barbara and Steve
went together for a long time and then even after
they left here, and then Barb went to Duke, and she
stayed in touch with us, and her Steve went to
Hollywood. Barb got a doctoral degree, and I'm
thinking it's in,
I think biochemistry. She's on the faculty now at
Michigan to study, and her specialty was
I was going to say genealogy, but it's not
genealogy. What do they call it? Do you remember
any pluses or minuses of a female running for
student body office and winning?
I think the students slid into them very easily. At
A&M it really was. For example, you were talking
about being left-handed or right-handed or black
or white or Jewish or whatever. If you were
capable, you were selected or elected. And if you
weren't, you were not. With one exception, and we
talked about that, it's related to Ross, Sol Ross
in the Corps. They weren't. interested in
selecting women initially for that group.
I think had it been allowed to run its course, it
would have happened. And they would have selected
or elected women into that organization just like
they did in student government and other things.
The one I've told on Barbara Sears is her standing
on the steps of the Cushing Library where the
voting booths were on the inside, having worked
carefully on her eye makeup that day and her hair in
a pretty dress, giving out cards with her name on
it, and then saying softly as they accepted the
card, would you vote for me? And she admitted to me,
yes, that's what she did do.
Do you remember any particular student
leadership campaigns for certain major items,
issues, during those early years? No, I think the
things that they argued about are those that they
still argue about. they will say to some degree
before they get involved in those offices that the
administration doesn't listen to the students
and so on. And once they get involved, they find out
that they do and they are heard, they are listened
to. I was reading battalions the other day, it was
the same thing as related to some elections. No, I
don't think, no. Not anything major. It's always
been, well,
I do remember one early on that was funny,
humorous, but it had to do with the fences around
the campus. I don't know if you remember that. The
students were upset that they were going to put
fences around and kind of create a prison-like
environment with the fences. So there were things
like that that came up. So they were interesting
and more fun than they were really serious and a
major problem. Since I'm going to talk to Fred
McClure tomorrow, do you recall any specific
events, plus or minus, during his year as student
body president? Fred had a good year. The thing I
remember the most was about Fred was in spring
convocation when he was late getting back. He was
out on the west coast someplace and had to hustle to
get back. And he talked like a Baptist minister,
even as a young student body president. And his
presence at that spring convocation as a young
student, I thought was very well with all the
higher ups administratively and academically.
And he could hold his own already. Because if I'm
not mistaken, that was centennial year. and we had
all been thinking about that as the kind of
culmination of dr williams's and then the heart
attack took him away from that um the i was the
master of ceremonies
i was looking at some stuff the other day that had
kind of slipped away then back at the inauguration
Kent Caperton spoke for the students, I spoke for
the faculty at the Williams inauguration. So
that, I remember that beginning. Other, do you
remember any other centennial year events and
highlights?
I remember Ed Cooper was the one responsible for
all of that. He did a good job of pulling everything
together.
other than the fact that everything went smooth
and it was a nice time, enjoyable. I know a lot of
work went in by the committee and all those who were
involved with it. I really wasn't, you know,
although I was master of ceremonies at that
function,
it just seemed like everything went smoothly and
everything went well. Alright, let's kind of,
let's see, in terms of Fred, I've told this one, you
saw it get, after Fred left, and of course all my
kids got to know Fred really well. They had him, we
had him back for a commencement speech, and he flew
in on a Friday, and I
woke up on Saturday morning, getting ready to go to
the commencement, and my son He was up and he came
down to the kitchen and we were talking and he said,
guess who was at the chicken with us last night? And
I said, who? He said, Fred. I said, son of a gun. He
said, well, Fred had come in and they had gotten a
bunch of beer and everybody and they drank beer.
And the next morning, we're waiting, Fred had
come. The faculty has to get ready to move out.
Fred's out there. Fred's out there. Just before we
got ready to move out, do you remember? Fred? Oh,
you weren't here, probably. No. Fred shows up. And
so we, I'm laughing and teasing with him, didn't
say anything about Jay at all. We went up on the
stage all week. Fred made a speech. And boy, he did a
good job. But he was just sweating. I mean, he was
just pouring. And he came back, and he sat down. And
I leaned over and I said, hey, everybody's
thinking it's all that heat with those lights
blaring on you. I know it's all that damn beer you
drank last night. But Fred was good as gold.
Fred had a good year. Those kids early on had good
years. Steve had a good year. Jeff had a good year.
Fred had a good year. Go ahead. I was going to say,
let's kind of draw this to a conclusion. Do you
remember any good funnies, any good laughs during
those early years? Well, I mentioned about Dr.
Williams hitting a golf ball, kicking me in the
shin.
Let's see, now wait. The golf ball. He told me one
time, I asked him why did he play golf soon after the
board would leave town. And he told me that because
he could imagine that there were certain board
members rumped on the golf ball.
In fact, he would normally call that afternoon.
That's right. And my secretary would know that
when he called that we rescheduled everything, no
matter who it was or whatever. Because I wanted him
to, you know. When you all were playing golf, did he
ever kind of unwind? He did, but not in regard to
conversation. But that's what I mean. He didn't
talk about things that were bothering him. I don't
know that he did that with anyone unless it was Mrs.
Williams. Yeah. I, of course, since he didn't do it
with me, I assumed that he did it with John, but I
never did ask John. If so, I'm not aware of it. Me,
half. He just, he was not that tight. No. But, you
know, just getting out in the fresh air and
relaxing was the thing that got him away. He didn't
have to, he didn't have to let go a whole lot.
Alright, do you remember any goofy student
pranks? Stunts. Goofs.
To him or to me? No, anything. I was trying to think
of some funnies, help you think of some funnies to
conclude this section of the... Well,
on election night the kids would come over to my
house and wait for me at 5 30 in the morning as I came
walking out. After counting the ballots,
remember we used to have to count the ballots on the
computer, and they knew that we'd go to breakfast
together and so we used to do that. A cute thing,
after one of the football games,
we used to have everyone come by the house, all the
friends and former students and so on at the house
on campus. So after a football game, there would be
loads and loads of people. And after this one
football game, it was about midnight, and the
doorbell rang. We had lots of people sitting
around. I went to the door. young lady and young man
standing at the door, and so I invited them in, two
other students. They came over and, trying to get
them to sit down, they couldn't sit down, they were
very antsy, so I sat down. They got in front of me,
and the young lady's father, she was from Fort
Worth, had died a couple years before, and I had
helped him through that when he had. And so the
young man had asked her to marry him that evening.
They wanted to share that with me, and she wanted to
ask me if I would give her away at her wedding. So
that was an interesting thing that happened. You
know, Haskell, I'm sure there were loads and loads
of funny things that happened. They just kind of
slip away.
I've got... a bunch of files and probably the next
time before we sit down and talk, I'll just kind of
go through and try to brief myself. Let's see, then
I'll close with this one. I've been interviewing
the past presidents of the Former Students
Association. Somebody gave me, planted a
question with me that I've asked them. I've asked
them, Well, did they know anything about any
secret fraternities while they were students?
Almost all of them have said no. Are you at liberty
to say anything about secret fraternities at A&M?
I know they've existed. I know for a fact they've
existed. Have they existed in your days at A&M? No.
OK. And I would assume that they still exist.
That's what I have surmised. And as far as I can
determine from what I've learned from these few
people who will admit they know something, that
their primary purpose was to help get their own
members in leadership positions.
Well, that may be part of it. primarily related to
the core. OK, yeah, yeah, yeah. And to get their
people in the key core positions and or the key
student body position.
And I've heard references to two, the TTs and what
was the other one? I can't remember. I can't
remember what the other one was. Oh.
And I want to run this one by Mr. Evans, because I
heard that there was one that had a swastika as its
logo way back in his day as a student, long before
the Nazi party came into being, because that was
the Navajo good luck sign.
So let's see. All right, what day did y'all get to,
when you moved here, what day was it when you
arrived? 15th of August, 1970. And what was the
climate like that day?
It was a pretty day. The sun wasn't bothered by the
heat, but we were coming from Commerce. It had been
hot all summer there, so I'm assuming that
temperature wise it was about the same. We moved
into an apartment over on Harvey Road, a three
bedroom apartment. The kids were real thrilled
about us coming in. We gave the two oldest girls the
master bedroom. And Mary Dallin and I took the
smaller bedroom. And that was to pacify those two
older girls. Because they were very unhappy with
their daddy about taking this child. They were 13
and 11. And they were already missing their
friends. And of course, those two died in the real
Aggies. Everything was changed. I was able to use
that years later, my daddy making the decision
sometimes when it doesn't seem like it's very good
and sometimes it's in their own best interest. But
yeah, and I'm, what's his name, home, Adam's, the
one that moved us. No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no,
no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no,
no, no, no, no, Who was that? Connolly. Yeah.
Connolly brothers. Connolly moving and storage.
Yeah, moving and storage. They moved us. Homer
moved us on campus when we moved from the
apartment. Well, I think he moved us from the
apartment to the house on Guadalupe and then from
Guadalupe out to the campus. You remember Homer,
right? Oh, yes, yes. So you think that... That two
minutes or so you spent with Dr. Williams early on,
on that first interview visit, may have had a
fairly important effect on your life.
Yes, yes, yes, yes, yes. Yes, it did. I wasn't sure
at the time what effect it had. Yes, it did.
It was just an interesting period in regard to
thinking that you're not being considered and
you're just wasting his time when it really was not
the way it was. Right, and now this will be the last
question. What message would you like me to pass on
to Margaret Williams? Oh, give her my love. Tell
her I think of her often and very positively. It was
good to see that the girls, and especially Mary,
dedication. I got to know Mary real well. I didn't
know her other daughter. And I was sorry that she
wasn't, that Martin wasn't, to see her. They were
very good to me, to us. And we missed them. We were
sorry things went the way they went. And then our
relationship
didn't last for that long.